Attending:
Sven Mitt
Luciano Garcia Banuelos
Fredrik Milani 

Previous time:
Name of thesis: Blockchain application - case study on Chain
Fredrik Milani
Luciano García-Bañuelos
For next time: setup chain core, test, find whitepapers

Questions:
Did not find any free scientific whitepaper on chain core.
Scopus
Web of Science
Google scholar
IEEExplore
ACM Digital library
SpringerLink

Possible hit - too early on date, just similar title
http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6703190/

Next time:
Test all languages, start writing abstract and continue searching whitepapers
Need to start writing abstact

Parkingspace is asset/token
Two transactions - one to take, one to release and to pay
Block the asset, guarantee that client arrives.

Booking usecases:

* prepaid
* every hour paid
* in the end, have maximum limit like 8h

Example:
3-4 o'clock 
3-4 o'clock, wants one more hour
3-4 o'clock, forgets to end

Create a model to pay, before and when you leave
Notify half hour before your time finishes
cCreate a loop, 1/2 hours before it ends a notification to user, that it will be available to others

Addtion to current busines models:
Blockchain enables token based/parking space numbered .What parking is 
Is token attached to physical spot or virtual?

Resolve problem:
What to do when parked wrongly.

Document the business model, what is contract, BPMN and translate it into IVY.
BPM model first, then notation.

Model it signavio and execute it. Compare it to ivy.

Blockchain as software connector
Step by step to createing safe controct
Search smart contracts

Related work is other related work that simlar in usecases?
Has these is done before, in what context.
it must be opensource relate work.

whitepaber on blockchain solutions.

implementing a electroing management system??? 

these must show it is not replication of something else...
releated work is material for the background!!! smart contract, deseinging smart ivy, IVY. Blockchain best practices.!!!!
releated work is material for the background!!! smart contract, deseinging smart ivy, IVY. Blockchain best practices.!!!!


https://utlib.ut.ee/en/databases?title=I

Change the gw in signavio

NEXT TIME:
Event gw - "timeout", Cancelation, Ok - find a smart contract for that
Check if we can execute all screnarios using smart contracts?

Postpay vs prepaid. Catch and release. Shoud we reserve or let him. Compare
Simplify BPM to allow both types.